so if I said I listened to from others that help me get advanced was understanding
how the advancement process works you'd be surprised how
many few people really quite understand how or what it takes to get
advance you know who's looking at your record to that audience is
what things you need to do what career milestones you should be heading
how to separate yourself out from the pack and really make your
your package as well as yourself shine and so you know some of the first
advice I was given was making sure that you understand the evaluation
process how to write good evaluations for not only yourself but
your people because that's what's going to ultimately help you get
advanced